---
title: "2023 Spring Election Notice"
author: CRO
layout: post
---

Hey everyone<br> <br> The end of the term is almost here and that means it is time for the final cycle of Engineering Society elections for the 2T2-2T3 year. As such, the Spring 2023 Election period will begin next week. Nearly every EngSoc and Discipline Club position is up for running in this election, including seats on the Board of Directors, Project Directors, Class Representatives, and Discipline Club Chairs. If you are at all interested in getting involved in the upcoming  SkuleTM year, feel free to apply! <br> <br> Nominations are open from Monday, March 20th at 9 AM to Friday, March 24th at 5 PM. If you would like to run, please read carefully through the <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gJkBmEY9BATDj9i1Sxb9WldooFQ-tpUe/view?usp=sharing">linked election notice</a> (it has everything you need to know about the process) and fill out the required nomination form, which can also be found <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeMperzbXIfuTjXg3O9AGKI4hvJbLW-z_9EMAaONkr36EBqBA/viewform?usp=sf_link">here</a>. Voting will commence on Thursday, March 30th at 9 AM and close on Friday, March 31st at 5 PM.<br> <br> Additionally, we will be having referenda to decide the renewal of levies for a number of design teams and other student-run organizations (discussed further down in SEF Renewals). We will also be holding a referendum to renew the Engineering Student Societies Council of Ontario (ESSCO) levy. It will be a $0.10 per semester amount for the 2023-20224 and 2024-2025 terms.<br> <br> As always, please forward any questions and concerns you may have to me, the CRO (Dhruv Sharma) at cro@g.skule.ca. Look forward to seeing you all apply and hope you have a great end to the winter semester.<br> <br> Signing off for now<br> Your CRO - Dhruv