---
title: "2024-2025 DRO Hiring"
author: CRO
layout: post
---

Hello Skule,<br> <br>Hopefully the foreboding of the new school year isn't daunting you on your last day of summer. It's a new year and a new chance for you to further build your resume. <br>Do you want to get involved in the student government but don't know where to start? Or maybe you are already in EngSoc and want to contribute further with a low time investment but important role?<br> <br>Sign up to be a Deputy Returning Officer (DRO) for EngSoc!<br> <br>EngSoc holds multiple elections throughout the school year to elect its representatives, ranging from the President to your class reps and the discipline club executives, and it is important for these elections to be run in a fair and open manner. As a DRO, you’ll play a crucial role in shaping the future of our student body by being the driving force behind fair and smooth elections, ensuring that every vote counts. <br> <br>This leadership opportunity allows you to uphold our high standards by enforcing campaigning rules, helping to create a positive and transparent electoral process. You’ll find the specific guidelines enforced by DROs in Bylaw 3, Chapter 8.<br> <br>If you think this is something you're interested in doing, <a href="https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeOGvK1pX2hDg1hk_K1qHnCoZ3spHnBDjlzQ2E28rxqOAqa7Q/viewform">fill out this extremely short form</a>. The deadline to apply is Thursday, September 5, 2024.<br> <br>If you have any questions, send me an email at cro@skule.ca<br><br>Best,<br>Lavneet Singh<br>Chief Returning Officer 2T4-2T5
